Remove out of date stuff pt. 1 (#6618)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/actions.mdx

id: actions
sidebar_label: Overview
title: Actions

> abstract: After each user message, the dialogue manager will predict an action that the assistant should perform next. This page gives you an overview of the different types of actions you can use.

Reviewer: Do we ever talk about "the dialogue manager" as something that predicts stuff? I think we say "the model" or "the dialogue management model" or something

not against it, just don't think we use it anywhere else

---

## Responses
A [response](./responses.mdx) is a message the assistant will send back to the user. This is
the action you will use most often, when you want the assistant to send text, images, buttons
or similar to the user.

## Custom Actions
A [custom action](./custom-actions.mdx) is an action that can run any code you want. This can be used to make an
API call, or to query a database for example.

## Forms
[Forms](./forms.mdx) are a special type of custom action, designed to handle business logic. If you have

> any conversation designs where you expect the assitant to ask for a specific set of
> information, you should use this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any conversation designs where you expect the assistant to ask for a specific set of
information, you should use forms.
```

## Default Actions
[Default actions](./default-actions.mdx) are actions that are built into the dialogue manager by default. Most of
these are automatically predicted based on certain conversation situations. You may want to

> customise these to personalise your assitant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customize these to personalize your assistant.
```
american english i guess 😄

Author: why is typoCI not raising this
